welcome to the man of recaps this is
survivor winners at war episode 12 last
episode Tony just pulled off his crazy
blindside of Sophie this made everyone
mad especially his closest cops are US
ally Sarah I told myself Sarah
just keep your cool and don't be pissed
dude no I'm done
Tony apologizes to ban also for leaving
him out of the loop and gets pooped on
by a bird or bat Tony's always up to
something in fact the next morning he's
ready for some more zany antics he's
famous for his spy shack in his original
season where he hit by the water well
and listen to conversations he tried to
make a spy bunker on game changers but
it didn't go so well
and now his spy game has evolved he's
climbing the tree for his spine nest
he's told his partner Sarah about it
she's like yeah I mean I can't see you
maybe this will work we'll find out
later I hope for now a big beef on the
island is between Jeremy and Ben Ben's
made it clear he wants Jeremy gone he's
refusing to even talk to Jeremy he's
just like nothing left to say I'm not
sure exactly why Ben is so mad I think
he goes back to when Jeremy used his
walk out of tribal advantage so their
alliance didn't have the numbers anymore
and now Kim steps up she's been on the
wrong side of the numbers this whole
game she wants to change that she sees
now that Tony is the biggest threat in
this game she wants to garner her forces
to get him out everyone she talks to
says they're on board looks like plan
vote out Tony is a go meanwhile on the
edge of extinction they've got another
all day endurance challenge like
bringing down the firewood this time
they're going around the islands to pick
up coconuts one by one the first six to
finish get to fire tokens but after that
you get nothing
natalie is still in beast mode lap in
everyone Adam on the other hand this is
not his strong suit he's fallen behind
watch that oh did you really just do
that what Boston Rob's doing great
till oh he slips on a rock and hurts his
elbow yeah this looks dangerous
in the end Natalie's first Sofia
actually comes in second followed by
you'll par me and Tyson come next so
there's only one spot left Danny's got a
shot she's had a rough time on this show
she slips to on these incredibly
dangerous rocks it's actually Wendell
who takes the last spot Boston Rob fell
way behind after his fall but he's still
going there's no more fire tokens up for
grabs but he's not quitting he wants to
just finish it out as a matter of pride
now back to the game alliances are
constantly shifting here and that's just
what Nick wants we're getting real close
to the end here he wants to pick the two
people he thinks he can beat and go to
the end with them so he joins up with
Michelle and Denise and they say they're
all down for a tight three-plus Kim adds
up for now for and it's Idol hunting
time everyone knows Sophie was voted out
with one in her pocket and once you're
out it goes back into the game Tony and
Ben are searching together
Tony's really trying to keep Ben on his
side then spots the idol in a tree
though and sneakily tries to keep it to
himself but Tony spotted it Tony told
Ben earlier about the idol he has so now
these two both know they each have an
idol in fact because they're best
friends now Ben picks up Tony and who
goes running with him then once again
immunity is back up for grabs
in fact two immunities are up for grabs
the last man and woman standing this is
the classic challenge where your arms
tied to a bucket of water if it drops
you get doused in you're out
Jeff gives us some history here
apparently in season three they were
just flat on the ground and this
challenge went for six hours later when
they did it they have you standing on a
narrow beam so that slowed it down a
bunch and now this time you're not
allowed to support your arm with your
other hand so this is the hardest one
yet after five minutes Ben asks if
Jeff's gonna bring out some food to
tempt them to give up that's a tradition
in this challenge and Ben's like man if
I could pick anything I don't want
peanut butter and cookies first though
Jeremy drops splash and then Ben wobbles
oh he touched the structure he's out too
after ten more minutes Jeff's bringing
out the food and it is peanut butter and
cookies sorry Ben you don't get any the
rule is if you give up now you get to
eat until the challenge is over Kim is
the first one to say yes screw this I'm
eating cookies Michelle says yeah I'm
into
community when to Denise Nick wants
those cookies - but first makes a deal
with Tony for one of the winning fire
tokens Tony snaps that up so Nick steps
down and Tony's want immunity for the
third time in a row so the challenge is
over everyone gave up immunity to eat
some peanut butter and cookies this is
survivor madness but I guess it was just
a hard challenge people figured they
couldn't win just may as well eat some
cookies so unfortunately for Kym her big
plan to vote out Tony has to go on the
back burner so they fall back on voting
out Jeremy which was last week's plan
and the one before that
now Jeremy was Michelle's original
closest friend on the island way back
from day one she's going to write his
name down to stay tight with this new
alliance but she would prefer if he
didn't go home so Michelle goes to
Jeremy with her 50/50 coin flip
advantage she's given it to him and
50/50 shot it saves him tonight but Ben
is tight with Tony now and he blabs to
him about Kim's plan to vote him out so
Tony goes to his other close ally mr.
Nick to see if he'll tell him - but Nick
lies to his face no I haven't heard your
name so Tony knows that Nick can't be
trusted so Tony now realizes that if
they vote off Jeremy tonight Kim's new
alliance will have the numbers he and
Sarah are dunzo Tony tries to explain
this to Ben like hey man you got a
squash that beef with Jeremy we need him
on our side he dubs this new alliance
the two cops the soldier in the fireman
which sounds like the start of a good
joke then doesn't want to hear it though
he's not seeing the big picture he just
wants Jeremy out so at tribal council
looks like the votes gonna go to Jeremy
but Tony and Jeremy start the whispering
and now everyone's worried the tribe
breaks down into chaotic whispering yet
again after a while it's Denise who's
fed up with this she's like no I don't
want to hear any more whispers let's
just vote now the votes have been cast
the question is what idols are getting
used Tony pulls out his idol he could
use it to save Jeremy and then his vote
of Kim is definitely going home he
actually says he's gonna play it for
Sarah which is weird I don't think
anyone was voting for her in fact I
think this is sort of a bluff to show
Sarah that he's willing to play an idol
for her and she's like no man you know
you hold on to it I think I'm fine
tonight so Jeremy's like yeah man I
better play my advantage but he really
rather hold on to it and Tony assures
him they have enough votes he's safe so
he puts his trust in Tony does not play
the coin flip the boats come out three
votes Jeremy three votes Kim but the
last votes both go Kim yeah Tony pulling
off he was
to pull in Ben and Nick again so Kim is
voted out of the game bet she regrets
stepping down for that peanutbutter now
Boston Rob calls it from the jury stand
Tony is running this game but this
majority vote Tony's craft it's not a
real Alliance it's a tenuous coalition
where will it go from here find out next
week on Survivor hit that subscribe
button for more of the best recaps of TV
and movies and click the join button to
support the channel and be a recap
champion